Acrolinx Batch 7 Edits (#3781)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/use-cli-effectively.md

- In Bash or PowerShell, both single and double quotes are interpreted correctly. In Windows Command Prompt, only double quotes are interpreted correctly -- single quotes are treated as part of the value.

> - If your command is only going to run on Bash (or Zsh), use single quotes to preserve the content inside the JSON string. Single notes are necessary when supplying inline JSON values.  For example, this JSON is correct in Bash: `'{"key": "value"}'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your command is only going to run on Bash (or Zsh), use single quotes to preserve the content inside the JSON string. Single quotes are necessary when supplying inline JSON values.  For example, this JSON is correct in Bash: `'{"key": "value"}'`.
```

az group delete --name MyResourceGroup --no-wait
```

> When you delete a resource group, all the resources that belong to it are also removed. Removing these resources can take a long time. When you run the command with the `--no-wait` parameter, allow the console to accept new commands without interrupting the removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you delete a resource group, all the resources that belong to it are also removed. Removing these resources can take a long time. When you run the command with the `--no-wait` parameter, the console accepts new commands without interrupting the removal.
```
